well the Prime Minister Netanyahu has
described the latest Hamas proposal to
end the war as ridiculous and the group
wants a three stage ceasefire each stage
would last 42 days in the first Israeli
troops would withdraw Beyond salahadin
Road that's the main road linking the
north and south of the strip the group
says that would allow displaced
Palestinians to return home and hamans
wants a permanent ceasefire to be
announced before it releases any
captured soldiers
after that the group says it will
release female Israeli reservists held
captive in Gaza in exchange for
Palestinian prisoners 50 inmates for
each captive and then in the final stage
Hamas proposes the end of Israel's Siege
and the beginning of reconstruction
efforts in Gaza let's bring in V marks
he's joining us now from occupied East
Jerusalem so um villum Israel we
understand is sending a delegation to
Qatar to continue with the ceasefire
talk talks does that suggest that talks
are ongoing despite this latest CR
criticism of hamas's
proposal well darina if we make a
comparison to the last round of talks in
Cairo where Israel very publicly said
they would not be sending a delegation
then this clearly seems to be an
improvement on their willingness to
engage in a conversation despite the
claims as he mentioned there that the
Hamas proposals are both ridiculous and
another word they used was delusional
what what we don't yet know though is
who will be attending those talks on
behalf of the Israeli delegation their
seniority as well as quite crucially the
extent of their mandate how much
flexibility will the Israeli government
give them to negotiate the finer points
of any
agreement and at the same time the war
cabinet has approved plans for a ground
assault in ra where of course more than
a 1 and a half million Palestinians are
Sheltering How likely is that to happen
or or is that announcement sort of for
more domestic uh
reasons yeah you have to think about the
audience that Netanyahu and his team are
speaking to here it's not just the world
who are watching the situation it's also
his potential voters where there to be
another election here in Israel as well
as his Coalition Partners we've heard
more than once over the last couple of
months about this plan ground assault on
Rafa we've heard it being approved more
than once and yet we haven't seen it
happen there's been a huge amount of
international pressure pushing back
against that possibility because of all
those civilians you mentioned so what
this may be is a maximalist position a
threat essentially as you would expect
during any kind of public negotiations
like this that they are prepared to take
that step the Israeli military and yet
we have heard again and again and again
from Hamas that any deal needs to
include what they've called a permanent
ceasefire and clearly military
operations ongoing in Rafa would not
constitute that durin okay thank you
vill marks reporting for us from
occupied East
Jerusalem